Please see the Single User License Agreement and Limited Warranty in the
printed manual for more information on the acceptable use of Rave Reports.
The following Agreement applies to redistributable files and the End User
Designer License.

End User Designer License Agreement
-----------------------------------

The following applies only to those who purchased the End User Designer
License (EUDL) with Rave Reports.

If you have purchased the EUDL with Rave Reports, you can include and
interface with the end-user visual report designer files (located in the
REDIST folder under the main Rave Reports install folder) with your
application.  Except for the files in the REDIST folder, no other files in
the Rave Reports install folder (or its subfolders) may be distributed
with your application.

THE END-USER VISUAL DESIGNER MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED, IN MODIFIED OR
UNMODIFIED FORM, AS PART OF ANY APPLICATION PROGRAM OR OTHER SOFTWARE THAT
IS A LIBRARY-TYPE PRODUCT, DEVELOPMENT TOOL OR OPERATING SYSTEM, OR THAT
MAY BE COMPETITIVE WITH OR USED IN LIEU OF RAVE, WITHOUT THE EXPRESS
WRITTEN PERMISSION OF NEVRONA DESIGNS.

The end-user visual report designer is intended to be used with a specific
application and that application's specific data.  The end-user visual
report designer must be included with an application in such a way that it
CANNOT BE USED AS A GENERIC VISUAL REPORT DESIGNER on data that is not
actively, purposefully and specifically used by that application.

There is no runtime royalty charge for including the end-user visual
report designer with applications beyond the initial purchase price of the
EUDL.  The end-user visual report designer may be distributed with any
application that is owned or maintained by the holder of the EUDL and may
be distributed with unlimited quantities of those applications.